fiend-photographer.wav	Being a good fiend is like being a photographer. You have to search for the right moment.
panting-come-on.wav	(panting) - Come on.
yeah-shout.wav	YEAH!
seem-happy.wav	You seem happy.
macamco-up.wav	Macamco's up!
dragon-balls-wish.wav	Hey, if I died, you could wish me back with the Dragon Balls, okay?
turn-up-heat.wav	You ready Gohan? Mm-hmm. No? What? Turn up the heat! Huh? Yeah!
lets-go-dbz.wav	You heard me! Let's go!
done-already.wav	What's wrong? Are you done already?
ko-ken.wav	K.O. Ken!
wow-cool.wav	Heheheh, wow, cool.
here-goes-nothing-1.wav	Alright, here goes nothing!
piccolo-gave.wav	Now you can't say that Piccolo never gave you anything.
dont-get-trapped.wav	Don't get trapped, don't get in!
ciaossu.wav	This one's for you! Ciaossu!
make-fools.wav	Yeah, good nappa. Let's go make fools out of them
phew-finished.wav	Phew! Finished!
fighting-spirit.wav	Here we go the rivers the trees the wind And all things living in nature Please offer me your fighting spirit
laughing-dbz.wav	(laughing)
name-goku.wav	My name is Goku and I live here now leave us alone
here-to-fight.wav	Who let here bow down to your demands? We're here to fight!
fuller-blair.wav	Fuller Blair!
silent-1.wav	
huh-1.wav	HUH
cant-beat-me.wav	You can't beat me now!
music-dbz.wav	[MUSIC]
wouldnt-count.wav	Yeah, I wouldn't count on that.
clean-trash.wav	Should I clean the trash of the universe?
bald-head.wav	Heh! That bald head was bouncing around like a cue ball!
also-wanted.wav	That's also what I wanted!
galick-gun.wav	I don't need this stinking planet. I'll just use my Galick gun and blow the whole thing up!
no-ordinary.wav	That was no ordinary piece of work. He's good.
huh-2.wav	HUH
huh-3.wav	HUH
gasp-dbz.wav	*gasp*
real-freak.wav	You're a real freak.
kamehameha.wav	Kamehameha!
dont-take-girls.wav	Don't take us girls for granted!
ow-dbz.wav	Ow!
oh-dbz.wav	- Oh!
scream-dbz.wav	(screams)
here-goes-nothing-2.wav	Alright, here goes nothing!
some-more.wav	Is that enough for ya? You want some more?
not-let-you.wav	I'm not gonna let you have it your way!
too-weak.wav	You'll never succeed, you're too weak.
pretty-tough.wav	Oh, yeah, you think you're pretty tough, huh?
the perfect dbz attack.wav	sorry I saw an opening that seemed to scream out attack so I did
you-jerk.wav	You jerk!
favorite-part.wav	surprise surprise this is our favorite part you know you should see the looks on your faces
take-on-10-vegetas.wav	Man, I feel strong enough to take on 10 Vegeta's.
bully-i-hate.wav	That bully I hate him big jerk
dragon-ball-nuts.wav	If you thought we were gonna give you this, Dragon Ball, you're nuts!
oppose-vegeta.wav	You should know better than to oppose Vegeta!
